Staging 0.37.0 (#2085)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: changelog/0.37.md

## v0.37.0

Released 2024-04-03

> [!WARNING]
> **Security Notice(s)**
>
> - This upgrade mitigates the following medium security vulnerabilities:
>   - [CVE-2023-6152](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-3hv4-r2fm-h27f)
>   - [CVE-2024-1442](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-5mxf-42f5-j782)
<!-- -->
> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Platform Administrator Notice(s)**
>

> > - When validating config against the schema you may encounter cases where they disagree on what type a field should be and it may be necessary to tweak either the config or the schema to match the intent.

Reviewer: I wonder if this note about config schema could include some more info, especially since it is a completely new feature. Something like this suggestion (but please reword as you see fit). What do you think of that? Maybe @Zash has more to add here as well.
```suggestion
> - There is a new [config validation tool](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/blob/release-0.37/config/schemas/README.md) using json schema. This version includes a first iteration with validation for some global values, more will come in later versions. When validating config against the schema you may encounter cases where they disagree on what type a field should be and it may be necessary to tweak either the config or the schema to match the intent.
```

Reviewer 2: Or perhaps

```suggestion
> - There is a new [config validation tool](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/blob/release-0.37/config/schemas/README.md) using json schema.
    This version includes a first iteration with validation for some global values, more will come in later versions.
    You may encounter cases where the schema disagrees with what type a field should be and it may be necessary to tweak either the config or the schema to match the intent.
```

>   You can find more information about the new rules names, [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/rules/tree/falco-rules-3.0.1/rules), and about the new selective rules overrides, [here](https://falco.org/docs/rules/overriding/).
> - Added a new diagnostics command with the primary goal of aiding in supporting self-managed customers. By default it encrypts the file with the sops config inside of `$CK8S_CONFIG_PATH` but setting `$CK8S_PGP_FP` will override this.
> - The `matchConditions` feature in the HNC webhook is dependent on Kubernetes v1.28+ and cert-manager v1.12+ and will not work with older versions.
> - If you want to manage the organization roles of your users from within Grafana user you will need to enable `.grafana.user.oidc.skipRoleSync` in `sc-config.yaml`
<!-- -->
> [!NOTE]
> **Application Developer Notice(s)**
>
> - Cert-manager Issuers and ClusterIssuers have been updated to use the [recommended](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/acme/http01/#ingressclassname) `ingressClassName` field over the `class` field. We recommend that Application Developers use the `ingressClassName` field as well.

> 

Reviewer: Could you add this thing to the welcome dashboard as well? Since it includes a recommendation to app devs.

Author: done
